[DOCU-3190] Version picker in Runtime Manager Quickstart (#5508)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/updates.md

## April 2023

**Version picker in Runtime Manager Quickstart**

> : {{site.konnect_short_name}} now allows users to select the Gateway version that they want for their Quickstart scripts (except for cloud provider quickstart scripts for AWS, Azure and GCP). This allows customers to leverage official Konnect scripts to start their gateways while reducing the number of errors due to an invalid script for a certain gateway version. For more information, see [Supprted Installation Options](/konnect/runtime-manager/runtime-instances/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: {{site.konnect_short_name}} now allows users to select the {{site.base_gateway}} version that they want for their Quickstart scripts (except for cloud provider quickstart scripts for AWS, Azure and GCP). This allows you to leverage official {{site.konnect_short_name}} scripts to start your gateways while reducing the number of errors due to an invalid script for a certain {{site.base_gateway}} version. For more information, see [Supported Installation Options](/konnect/runtime-manager/runtime-instances/)
```
